chore: add new blogs (#582)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2024-04-01-kubecon-fierce-networks/index.md

---
date: '2024-04-01T17:20:05.000Z'
title: 'Industry Voices: Hanging out with Cloud Natives - Insights from KubeCon Europe 2024'
ogImage: ogimage.png

> description: 'Fierce Network highlights key events from KubeCon EU 2024, focusing on eBPF and other significant topics that were central to discussions at the event.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Fierce Network highlights key events from KubeCon EU 2024, focusing on eBPF and other significant topics that were central to discussions at the event'
```
